[Music]
you go
I come in
of your skin you guys his bacon
I'm so sorry
we were stupid sneaking around thinking
that we weren't gonna get caught
we did this Stefan Jenna's in the
hospital and Jeremy could be next
all because we we didn't listen to her
because because we're together
Stefan let me see
I fit so selfish because I love you so
much and you know how much you love me
it's over
Stefan Stefan
[Music]
career
you
[Music]
Catherine uh fight I was thinking I
didn't think it doesn't matter
daven
she won
a third one
[Music]
you never know I apologize if I seem
rattled circumstances have changed
suddenly and I have to adjust mind
control and the necessary evil you see I
need a werewolf and I've lost the one
that I had how tell me what you're going
to do to help me get a new one I'm going
to go after Tyler Lockwood and you're
not going to stop
I'm not going to stop until until he
kills me
you